AI Build by Notascripter - relay 0.3.1 update

STATUS
The public client and Ubuntu relay are separate updates. Relay 0.3.1 adds
unlimited authenticated owner prompts to the model selection and shared
chat review introduced in relay 0.3.0. Upgrade even an existing 0.3.0 relay
to receive this allowance. Updating the GitHub loader does not
update the VM. Install this matching relay before using these features.
Basic GPT-5.5 conversation remains compatible with relay 0.2.0.

PACKAGE CONTENTS
The matching key-free package contains server.mjs, update-server.sh, and
this instruction file. It contains no OpenAI key, admin credential,
populated .env file, or existing quota data. Preserve the VM's private files.

UPDATE THE EXISTING VM
Copy/extract the package onto the existing Ubuntu VM, open its directory:

sudo bash update-server.sh

The script requires system-wide Node.js 22 or newer and targets /opt/forgeai,
forgeai.service, and the forgeai Linux account. It honors PORT from .env
(default 3000). It checks the new JavaScript, backs up the installed server
and .env, installs the server, restarts the existing service, and verifies
relayVersion 0.3.1 with administrator authorization enabled.

The existing OpenAI key and quota state are preserved. FORGE_STATE_FILE is
resolved relative to /opt/forgeai and backed up if present. Version-1 state
migrates without resetting accepted requests, grants, or remaining quotas.
Do not overwrite the real .env with a blank example.

If installation or health verification fails, the updater attempts to restore
the previous server, environment, and token file and restart that service.
Rollback retains accepted quota/grant records. A prior relay does not expose
the new review routes; any shared-review snapshots retained in state still
require the operator's normal private-data handling and backup controls.

OWNER ACCESS AND MODELS
The updater reuses a valid configured owner token or generates one. It writes
the active value to /opt/forgeai/admin-token.txt with root-only permissions.
The owner reads that file on the VM and enters the token once in the existing
Admin page after opening the workspace. The normal startup flow is retained.
Keep it private. It is not included in public bundles or local chat/settings.
Client 0.3.1 remembers it after authentication in forgeai/admin_8093680942.key,
a plain local credential file. Forget removes that saved credential.

Model access requires a valid token and configured owner ID 8093680942.
A claimed ID alone grants no authority. Models reads the real OpenAI account
catalog and shows known compatible text models and eligible dated snapshots.
Unknown, audio, image, search, and other unverified variants are excluded;
this is not a picker for every OpenAI model.

The account check found 21 compatible current aliases, including GPT-6 Astra,
GPT-6.1 Sol, GPT-6 Sol/Luna, GPT-5.6 Sol/Terra/Luna, supported older GPT-5
models, GPT-4.1 variants, and GPT-4o variants. Availability can change; the
authenticated catalog is authoritative and caches successful lookups for
five minutes. It does not make a paid inference request.

GPT-6 Astra offers low, medium, high, xhigh, and max. Ultra is not supported
by this API integration. Other models expose their own supported efforts;
GPT-4.1/4o use none and omit reasoning and verbosity parameters upstream.
Unavailable models and unsupported efforts fail explicitly without fallback.
Ordinary clients continue using GPT-5.5 with low, medium, or high reasoning.
Only a valid token plus owner ID 8093680942 enables unlimited owner prompts.
Authenticated owner calls do not consume the free player/network allowance,
bonus credits, or public daily request ceiling. A claimed owner ID alone
receives the ordinary allowance. Durable request receipts, model validation,
output/time limits, two global concurrent requests, and one in flight per
player remain. OpenAI provider usage still costs the operator.

Owner inference has a 300-second upstream timeout and 315-second client
timeout; ordinary calls retain 120/135 seconds. An executor or HTTPS proxy
can impose a shorter limit. Uncertain inference requests are never replayed
automatically. Ordinary accepted requests can already have consumed quota.

SHARING AND REMOTE REVIEW
New/default settings enable AI-prompt and public-server-chat sharing. The
startup screen discloses both settings and provides Off controls before
Open AI Build. Collection/upload begins only after Open. An existing saved
Off choice remains Off. Settings can disable either feature later.

AI review contains at most the recent 20 user/assistant messages, each up to
1000 UTF-16 units, and a title up to 120 units. The relay stores one current
snapshot per reported user, at most 200 snapshots and 4 MiB total. Automatic
updates occur at most once per five minutes. Share for review can submit a
snapshot explicitly, including while automatic sharing is Off, and follows
the same update limit. Successful withdrawal removes the current snapshot.
Snapshots remain until replacement or withdrawal; private backups can retain
older state. Normal inference is never itself an automatic server chat log.

Public chat collects new messages from the current server's public RBXGeneral
channel only. It excludes private/whisper, team, system, and prior chat history.
Up to 100 recent entries are sent, each with a username, reported user ID,
timestamp, and up to 500 characters of text. The collector also caps text at
500 UTF-8 bytes. The relay keeps one current buffer per reported player,
including its reported place and job ID, up to 200 buffers and 4 MiB total.
It accepts refreshes no more than once every five seconds. Buffers become
unavailable after ten minutes without refresh, clear when sharing is disabled,
and are lost on relay restart. Public-chat contents are not written to the
durable quota/review file. Closing the client stops new collection; an existing
relay buffer remains until withdrawal or expiry.

The owner selects a service user and reads available shared AI prompts or
server chat remotely, without joining that player's server. Reads require
the owner token and owner ID. The service-user list contains timestamps and
availability metadata, not chat contents. Public profile details are separate
Roblox profile data. Reported identities, server locations, and messages are
not verified Roblox sign-in or server-authoritative evidence.

Viewing, granting requests, and requesting a join do not generate a recipient
pop-up in AI Build. Sharing is visibly disclosed and controlled by the user;
these controls do not provide hidden monitoring. Roblox can show its normal
player presence or join behavior. Grants, joins, views, catalog reads, sharing,
and withdrawal do not spend an AI request.

VERIFY
curl --fail http://127.0.0.1:3000/health
curl --fail https://r.eggsmp.gg/forgeai/health

Use the configured port if it differs. Both responses should include ok:true,
relayVersion:"0.3.1", and adminEnabled:true. The internal ForgeAI name and
default model gpt-5.5 remain valid. Health does not spend a prompt or verify
in-game building, remote sharing, or successful inference with every model.

Check startup Off controls before Open, owner authentication/catalog loading,
authenticated unlimited status and remembered-credential reconnect/Forget,
normal chat, shared-review withdrawal, and remote server-chat expiry. Live
vehicle placement and bindings still need actual drive/steering observations
before a generated vehicle can be described as drivable.

DATA AND COMPATIBILITY
Keep the working HTTPS proxy; do not expose the Node port directly. Preserve
forgeai.service, quota/review state, .env, and the executor forgeai folder.
Presence reports public Roblox identifiers and server location about once per
minute. The relay retains hashed quota identifiers, request/grant receipts,
reported player metadata, and enabled/submitted AI review snapshots. It does
not persist raw IPs or the rolling public-chat buffer. Known credentials are
redacted, but this is not a guarantee against every possible secret.

Public project: https://github.com/datadaniklan/AI-Build-Notascripter
User loader: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/datadaniklan/AI-Build-Notascripter/main/loader.lua
Detailed deployment notes: SERVER_SETUP.md
